NAME

      gcloud preview managed-instance-groups - managed Instance Groups client

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud preview managed-instance-groups GROUP | COMMAND
         [--api-version API_VERSION; default="v1beta2"] [--format FORMAT]
         [--help] [--project PROJECT] [--quiet, -q] --zone ZONE [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      Managed Instance Groups client.

FLAGS

      --api-version API_VERSION; default="v1beta2"

         Optional API version.

      --zone ZONE

         Managed instance group's zone name.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

GROUPS

      GROUP is one of the following:

      updates

         Managed Instance Group Updater client.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      abandon-instances

         Abandons one or more instances from a managed instance group.

      create

         Insert (Create) a managed instance group.

      delete

         Deletes a managed instance group and its corresponding instances.

      delete-instances

         Deletes one or more instances from a managed instance group.

      describe

         Gets information about a single managed instance group.

      get-operation

         Gets information about a single managed instance group operation.

      list

         Lists all managed instance groups in a given project.

      list-operations

         Lists managed instance group operations in a given project.

      recreate-instances

         Recreates one or more instances in a managed instance group.

      resize

         Resizes a managed-instance-group to a provided size.

      set-target-pools

         Sets the target-pools for an existing managed instance group.

      set-template

         Sets the template for an existing managed instance group.

      start-rolling-update

         Starts a new rolling update.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK preview component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

