NAME

      gcloud preview instance-groups add-service - adds a service to an instance
         group or an instance resource

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud preview instance-groups add-service NAME
         [--api-version API_VERSION; default="v1beta2"] [--format FORMAT]
         [--help] [--instance INSTANCE] --port PORT [--project PROJECT]
         [--quiet, -q] --service SERVICE [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      This command adds a service (name and port) to one or all instances in an
      instance group.

      By default, the service is added to the instance group itself, which makes
      it take effect on all instances in that group. However, if the --instance
      flag is provided, the service is only applied to the particular instance
      that is specified by the flag.

      Please see the API documentation for more details.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      NAME

         Instance group name.

FLAGS

      --instance INSTANCE

         The name of the instance resource to apply the service to. If not
         specified, the service will be applied to all instances in the instance
         group.

      --port PORT

         Port number of the service.

      --service SERVICE

         Name of the service.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --api-version API_VERSION; default="v1beta2"

         Optional API version.

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK preview component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

