NAME

      gcloud preview instance-groups remove-service - removes a service from an
         instance group or an instance in it

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud preview instance-groups remove-service NAME
         [--api-version API_VERSION; default="v1beta2"] [--format FORMAT]
         [--help] [--instance INSTANCE] [--project PROJECT] [--quiet, -q]
         --service SERVICE [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      This command removes a service (name and port) from one or all instances
      in an instance group.

      By default, the service is removed from the instance group itself, which
      makes it take effect on all instances in the instance group. However, if
      the --instance flag is provided, the service is only removed from the
      particular instance that is specified by the flag.

      Please see the API documentation for more details.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      NAME

         Instance group name.

FLAGS

      --instance INSTANCE

         The name of the instance resource to remove the service from. If not
         specified, the service will be removed from all instances in the
         instance group.

      --service SERVICE

         Name of the service.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --api-version API_VERSION; default="v1beta2"

         Optional API version.

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK preview component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

